+++
date = "2018-05-29T09:00:00+02:00"
title = "Announcing the Nordix Foundation Technical Committee formation
activity"
+++

Stockholm â€“ 29th of May, 2018 - The Nordix Foundation is recruiting
candidates to form the inaugural Technical Committee who will be tasked
with establishing community governance for the foundation during 2018.
The nomination period will remain open until the 8th of June, though the
Board of Directors may begin appointing the first few Technical
Committee members as soon as the 4th.

The Nordix Foundation aims to cultivate an environment for open source
technology incubation, to enable and promote the development and use of
open source technologies, making these technologies accessible to the
broader Nordic technical community.  The foundation intends to support
projects in technology areas such as federated OpenStack clouds running
distributed container-as-a-service tenants, IoT and AI/ML technologies,
and cloud native workspace & IDE development environments.

The Technical Committee will form as a team of Nordic based open source
and technology leaders, who will be responsible for building the Nordix
Foundation community infrastructure and establishing the guidelines and
activities for community contribution.  As the Nordix Foundation
matures, the Technical Committee will: coordinate community activity,
review and oversee new projects as they are proposed in the foundation,
and maintain guidelines and methodology for contribution and collaboration.

The foundation would like to invite volunteers who believe in promoting
the accessibility and utilization of open technology to join the Nordix
Foundation as Technical Committee members. Nominees do not have to be
affiliated with any corporate, academic or government group to take a
role in the Technical Committee, simply be as passionate as we are about
building open source community in the Nordics.

To nominate yourself for the Technical Committee, or to let us know
about someone you think would make a great Technical Committee member,
simply send a mail to
[nominations@nordix.org](mailto:nominations@nordix.org).

For more information about Nordix Foundation, please visit
[www.nordix.org](http://www.nordix.org) or contact us at
[info@nordix.org](mailto:info@nordix.org).
